Graph single mail html 2 (#29902)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphMail/ReleaseNotes/1_5_16.md

#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Graph Mail Single User

> - Updated the docker image to demisto/crypto:1.0.0.74979.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Docker image to: 'demisto/crypto:1.0.0.74979'.
```

> - Improved implementation by adding new parameter (*fetch_html_formatting*). When this parameter is set, the integration will fetch emails into xsoar in their HTML format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved implementation by adding a new parameter (*fetch_html_formatting*). When this parameter is set, the integration will fetch emails into Cortex XSOAR in HTML format.
```

> - Improved implementation by shifting functionality shared between MS Graph Mail integrations into shared module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved implementation by shifting functionality shared between MS Graph Mail integrations into a shared module.
```

##### O365 Outlook Mail (Using Graph API)

> - Updated the docker image to demisto/crypto:1.0.0.74979.
> - Improved implementation by shifting functionality shared between MS Graph Mail integrations into shared module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Docker image to: 'demisto/crypto:1.0.0.74979'.
- Improved implementation by shifting functionality shared between MS Graph Mail integrations into a shared module.
```
